c:\users\pawel\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\CalendarWithBase\CalendarWithBase\bin\Debug\CalendarWithBase.exe
c:\users\pawel\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\CalendarWithBase\CalendarWithBase\bin\Debug\CalendarWithBase.pdb
c:\users\pawel\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\CalendarWithBase\CalendarWithBase\obj\x86\Debug\View\AddEventWindow.baml
c:\users\pawel\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\CalendarWithBase\CalendarWithBase\obj\x86\Debug\View\EditEventWindow.baml
c:\users\pawel\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\CalendarWithBase\CalendarWithBase\obj\x86\Debug\View\AddEventWindow.g.cs
c:\users\pawel\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\CalendarWithBase\CalendarWithBase\obj\x86\Debug\View\EditEventWindow.g.cs
c:\users\pawel\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\CalendarWithBase\CalendarWithBase\obj\x86\Debug\View\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\users\pawel\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\CalendarWithBase\CalendarWithBase\obj\x86\Debug\View\PopupMenu.g.cs
c:\users\pawel\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\CalendarWithBase\CalendarWithBase\obj\x86\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\pawel\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\CalendarWithBase\CalendarWithBase\obj\x86\Debug\GeneratedInternalTypeHelper.g.cs
c:\users\pawel\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\CalendarWithBase\CalendarWithBase\obj\x86\Debug\CalendarWithBase_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\pawel\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\CalendarWithBase\CalendarWithBase\obj\x86\Debug\CalendarWithBase_MarkupCompile.lref
c:\users\pawel\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\CalendarWithBase\CalendarWithBase\obj\x86\Debug\View\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\pawel\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\CalendarWithBase\CalendarWithBase\obj\x86\Debug\View\PopupMenu.baml
c:\users\pawel\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\CalendarWithBase\CalendarWithBase\obj\x86\Debug\CalendarWithBase.g.resources
c:\users\pawel\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\CalendarWithBase\CalendarWithBase\obj\x86\Debug\CalendarWithBase.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\pawel\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\CalendarWithBase\CalendarWithBase\obj\x86\Debug\CalendarWithBase.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\pawel\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\CalendarWithBase\CalendarWithBase\obj\x86\Debug\CalendarWithBase.exe
c:\users\pawel\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\CalendarWithBase\CalendarWithBase\obj\x86\Debug\CalendarWithBase.pdb
C:\Users\Pawel\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\CalendarWithBase\CalendarWithBase\bin\Debug\CalendarWithBase.exe.config
C:\Users\Pawel\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\CalendarWithBase\CalendarWithBase\obj\x86\Debug\View\LoginWindow.baml
C:\Users\Pawel\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\CalendarWithBase\CalendarWithBase\obj\x86\Debug\View\LoginWindow.g.cs
